Overhaul the labels page to reflect current GH labeling practice (#930)
python/devguide: triage/triaging.rst

> .. note:: Some of these fields can only be set/edited by core developers.

Reviewer: NB, this note and the comment above related to the below are now obsolete and can be removed now that python/core-workflow#460 is implemented—but maybe scope creep on this PR.

> Assignees
> ---------
> This field indicates who is expected to take the next step in resolving

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assignees
---------

This field indicates who is expected to take the next step in resolving
```

Fix line break

the issue.

It is acceptable to assign an issue to someone if the issue cannot move

> forward without their help, e.g., they need to make a technical decision to
> allow the issue to move forward. Also consult the :ref:`experts` as certain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
forward without their help; e.g., they need to make a technical decision on
how to proceed. Also consult the :ref:`experts` as certain
```

* Fix punctuation issue
* Avoid redundant repeated phrase

stdlib modules should always be assigned to a specific person.

Note that in order to assign an issue to someone, that person **must** be

> a team member, likely a Triager or a core developer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a team member, likely a triager or a core developer.
```

.. The Assignees subsection was copied from the labels.rst page in #930.

>    For consistency, other the fields mentioned above should be documented too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For consistency, the other fields mentioned above should be documented too.
```
